# Egor Razmyslovich---### Contact details+ ðŸš  st. Kawalerzystow 33-5, 53-004 Wroclaw, Poland+ â˜Ž   +48 739 11 54 18+ âœ‰   razmys@wp.pl+ Skype: Egor Razmyslovich+ WhatsApp: +375296116888+ Viber: +375296116888---### Self-review> More than 15 years, I worked as engineer in Belrusian industrial adjustment. To continue my self-development. I decided to change my carrier path. I want to try myself as a junior developer and to get dipper undestanding in Python. For now I graduated two courses at stepik.com. To sum up,  as I am abble to learn fast, I am ready to join your company. ---### Code```def compute_payment(t, s, n, k):    return s/n+(s-(t-1)*s/n)*k/12/100s = int(input())#credit amount s n = int(input())#loan term n monthsk = int(input())#percentage ktotal = 0month = [i for i in range(1, n+1)]payment = [compute_payment(t, s, n, k) for t in month]for i in range(len(month)):    print("%2d month - %8.2f $"% (month[i], payment[i]))    total += payment[i]print("Bank income - %6.2f $"% (total-s)) ```---### Experience2004-03 --- 2020-12 Engineer_Belarusian industrial adjustment_+ Overall project management+ Adjustment of industrial controllers+ Preparation of technical documentation+ Financial and material responsibility+ Ability to conduct financial analysis+ Quality control of work---### EducationBachelor of Engineering Science+ 1999-09 - 2004-02 Belarusian National Technical University, Information Technologies and Robotics Faculty > Special attention is paid to studying of the theory and practice of electric drive and automation of mechanisms and technological complexes in various sectors of economy, their automation systems, control and diagnostics. These systems are in demand at any industrial enterprise, and also among the Department's objects of study are electric transport, robotics, agriculture and public utilities, instrumentation and machine tool industry, household appliances.---*Communication level in English: language courses and travel.*